I just went up to the lookout overlooking where we live here and all you see is water.
You see the trees and then underneath them just water it, everywhere.
So it was pretty nerve-wracking.
There was two firemen standing there and they said you got ten minutes, get out of the
house.
I took them off under two to sink in, that this was really happening, there was a sense
of urgency and confusion and potential disaster happening around you.
The warnings were going on, so we couldn't drive onto our roads, we had to use the hills.
You're pretty overwhelmed and I think in somewhat of shock because everything happened so fast.
I went down the basement steps and there was muddy water.
This is a pretty stressful feeling, you know, how much damage is going to be done.
Our mandate as a committee was to, first of all, make sure that all the brothers and sisters
were safe and accounted for.
That was done with the cooperation of circuit overseers, local bodies of elders.
One of the first days we could go into high river, we found out about 830 in the evening
that we had to go ahead.
By 7am to the next morning we had up 120 volunteers ready to go and that was very, very impressive,
very heartwarming to see that.
I didn't know the extent of the help that I would receive.
They're cleaning everything out for me.
While the house here had water in it, three feet deep on the main floor, there are houses
around the area here that have had basements compromised, walls cave in.
This water that was different here from some of the other areas in town is this was a river
coming through here.
This house here probably had somewhere around 3 to 4 inches of real heavy silk sitting
on the floor.
The Sheparding Program was an answer to prayers because you're just feeling so overwhelmed
and the brothers specially trained to help people with this traumatic event.
It was awesome.
This morning we probably had 100 here.
Jehovah's Holy Spirit, I mean, is very powerful and I wonder how these things happen so
fast.
How many brothers are here?
Equipment, trucks, trailers to haul garbage away and then how organized it is shows
where Jehovah's Spirit is.
The ones that were helped were very grateful for the help.
Some of them continue to get assistance from the brothers from the Sheparding side and
encouragement that way spiritually, but they really appreciated the hard work of the
Sheparding Program.